Atlassian app doc (#4647)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/saas-cloud/atlassian.md

---
id: atlassian
title: Atlassian
sidebar_label: Atlassian
description: Monitor and analyze the critical events of Atlassian data.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/atlassian-icon.png')} alt="atlassian-icon" width="40" />

> The Sumo Logic app for Atlassian provides comprehensive visibility into your organization's Atlassian environment, including Confluence, Jira, and Bitbucket. This app helps security and IT teams to monitor critical events such as user activities, policy changes, group and API token creations, and product access, all of which are essential for security audits and compliance tracking. With pre-configured dashboards, you can quickly detect suspicious behavior like unauthorized access, configuration changes, and potential insider threats. Geo-location features helps you to identify the physical origin of actions, which is valuable for investigating abnormal activity from unusual regions. The app also tracks key security events such as failed logins, API accesses, and policy updates, allowing security teams to ensure that Atlassian services are being used securely and efficiently. This app is essential for maintaining governance and security within the Atlassian suite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sumo Logic app for Atlassian provides comprehensive visibility into your organization's Atlassian environment, including Confluence, Jira, and Bitbucket. This app helps security and IT teams monitor critical events such as user activities, policy changes, group and API token creations, and product access, all of which are essential for security audits and compliance tracking. With pre-configured dashboards, you can quickly detect suspicious behavior like unauthorized access, configuration changes, and potential insider threats. Geolocation features helps you to identify the physical origin of actions, which is valuable for investigating abnormal activity from unusual regions. The app also tracks key security events such as failed logins, API accesses, and policy updates, allowing security teams to ensure that Atlassian services are being used securely and efficiently. This app is essential for maintaining governance and security within the Atlassian suite.
```

| sort by frequency
```

## Set up collection

To set up [Cloud-to-Cloud Integration Atlassian Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/atlassian-source) for the Atlassian app, follow the instructions provided. These instructions will guide you through the process of creating a source using the Atlassian Source category, which you will need to use when installing the app. By following these steps, you can ensure that your Atlassian app is properly integrated and configured to collect and analyze your Atlassian data.

## Installing the Atlassian app

import AppInstall2 from '../../reuse/apps/app-install-v2.md';

<AppInstall2/>

## Viewing Atlassian dashboards

import ViewDashboards from '../../reuse/apps/view-dashboards.md';

<ViewDashboards/>

### Overview

The **Atlassian - Overview** dashboard provides a comprehensive overview of key actions and events across the Atlassian environment, offering critical insights for security teams. It displays the total number of events, breaks down actions by type (for example, user logins, API access, and policy changes), and visualizes event frequency over time to help detect abnormal activity patterns.

> The top actors and their associated actions are highlighted, allowing quick identification of potential security risks. Additionally, the geo-location maps identify where actors and risky activities are originating from, offering further context for threat detection. The recent events table gives granular details, including timestamps, actor names, and countries, aiding in a thorough investigation of any security incidents. This dashboard is instrumental for detecting unauthorized access, policy violations, and other suspicious activity within the Atlassian ecosystem. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/saas-cloud/atlassian-overview.png')} alt="atlassian-Overview" width="750"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The top actors and their associated actions are highlighted, allowing quick identification of potential security risks. Additionally, the geolocation maps identify where actors and risky activities are originating from, offering further context for threat detection. The recent events table gives granular details, including timestamps, actor names, and countries, aiding in a thorough investigation of any security incidents. This dashboard is instrumental for detecting unauthorized access, policy violations, and other suspicious activity within the Atlassian ecosystem. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/saas-cloud/atlassian-overview.png')} alt="atlassian-Overview" width="750"/>
```

### Jira, Confluence, and Bitbucket

The **Atlassian - Jira, Confluence, and Bitbucket** dashboard provides a holistic view of user activities across the three platforms, making it a crucial tool for security teams. It offers insights into key actions such as sprint management in Jira, space permissions in Confluence, and user account modifications in Bitbucket. 

> Security professionals can use this dashboard to track the frequency of Jira events, such as sprint creations, updates, and closures, along with user roles and permission changes. The Confluence section monitors critical events related to permission alterations, while Bitbucket tracks password resets, user activations, and deactivations, helping detect unauthorized account actions. The *Events Over Time* section enables trend analysis of activity spikes and the *Recently Added Security Levels* highlights any updates in project security. The geo-location mapping of actors offers added visibility into where activities originate, helping identify potential geographic threats.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/saas-cloud/atlassian-jira-confluence-and-bitbucket.png')} alt="atlassian-jira-confluence-and-bitbucke" width="750"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Security professionals can use this dashboard to track the frequency of Jira events, such as sprint creations, updates, and closures, along with user roles and permission changes. The Confluence section monitors critical events related to permission alterations, while Bitbucket tracks password resets, user activations, and deactivations, helping detect unauthorized account actions. The *Events Over Time* section enables trend analysis of activity spikes and the *Recently Added Security Levels* highlights any updates in project security. The geolocation mapping of actors offers added visibility into where activities originate, helping identify potential geographic threats.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/saas-cloud/atlassian-jira-confluence-and-bitbucket.png')} alt="atlassian-jira-confluence-and-bitbucke" width="750"/>
```
